good the boys and girls today is in
a new section of showing before three
last of wiiu where I will show you the
armors their skins and their slots
It also tells us about it until the
maximum defense that each piece arrives
and to release you I bring two of the
armor that taught us in the play
this is the one with the vanquish armor
the big joe
the belt that pimp
this armor will have
of defense 116 that the piece minus the
fascia the fascia curiously apart from
have three slots goes up to 134 or 136
defense
well here we see the slots in the helmet
It has two grooves in the chest
groove
in the arms two slots
we give him 5
in the strip three slots if you notice no
it affects the dragon apart from the straw
throne if you will have minus four for the
dragon and will have a superior defense to
rest of armor parts
and feet two slots which will make a total
of 10 slots
you can do little things you can sell
two skills perfectly if
you need a weapon with slots and
talisman with slots
even three wave skills
well now let's see the skills
and what it indicates that they do here we see
to consume to increase the speed
to skills that affect speed
of consumption of meat and other objects that
eat let's say that when you take a
potion
the super fast take
to see do not waste as much time as usual
lose skill that reduces fury that
reduces the likelihood of fainting and
increases attack and defense a lot
when your health is low of a certain level
one that raises a level of edge to the weapon and
sharp that this will not be rhombus edge that
It is the negative ability
that will have to be removed logically
Well, it's already here , I'll show you
armor I hope you liked it
keep bringing every day every day a day
yes and one day let's not say the armors of
monster hunter 3 last of wiiu up
then